And Scott, if you could please uh
introduce yourself by telling us where
you go to school and what grade you're
in.
>> Um I go to Glasgow Middle School and I'm
in seventh grade.
>> Excellent. We are going to move on to
the first question. What is the value of
255? Scott
>> 5,000.
>> 5,000 is the correct answer.
>> I grew up like my whole life was math
and programming competitions. I was
world champion of competitive
programming in 2014. And I remember
talking about this with some of my
friends and do you guys think there's
ever going to be a day where AI can
actually just do all of these things
that we do? And to say the obvious, it's
it's it's it's crazy.
>> Yeah.
>> What we do at Cognition is we build
Devon, the first AI software engineer,
and a suite of tools around that. We
work with a lot of the biggest
institutions of the world. We work with
banks, health insurers, governments,
private equity firms. Our whole mission
is to help build software around the
world 10 times faster.
>> You sort of had a singular vision on
what Devon was going to look like. I'm
curious like how you managed to stick
with it.
>> We just care so much more about the art
and craft of software engineering on the
ground and how do we figure out how to
go and make that much faster and solve
all the practical problems and unblock
that. It always felt like you had a very
collaborative attitude towards how to
make this happen together.
>> Very vividly remember my first
conversation with Daria. I got on the
call with him. I was talking about like,
yeah, so like, you know, we're working
on this. He stops me. He's like, don't
worry, you don't you don't have to pitch
me on this the concept. Like, I totally
get it. We were doing something that
people didn't really believe is
possible. I appreciated that a lot from
the very beginning.
>> We've also started launching some of our
own products like Cloud Code as our
relationships evolved. I'm curious what
your feelings are about it.
>> I really appreciate that you guys have
been really transparent with us. I've
always thought about it as I really just
don't think there's going to be a single
product that does all of code and all of
software engineering. There are so many
experiences to serve. And I think from
that perspective, there's so much more
for us to do together than there is
separate. And that's that's what we're
excited about.
>> Yeah.
>> From the beginning, I always loved that
you could take any idea that you had and
turn it into reality. Everyone will be
able to turn those ideas into reality.
We've been able to make so much more
progress and and and see companies build
much much faster than they have been
before. By getting to work with
Enthropic, we're able to go and deliver
customers the exact capabilities that
they're looking for. We've been able to
help bring folks to a new era of
software engineering. This is a world
where building softworks is just as easy
as telling your computer what to do.